WIP: documentation update (#114)
coforma-acme/acme-tech-challenge: README.md

Additional environment copies can be deployed as desired by varying the value after the `--environment` option.

> **Note:** This script takes a minute to run. Now is a good time for :coffee:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This script takes a few minutes to run (especially when building the docker image). Now is a good time for :coffee:
```

### Step 4: Test and Verify

Allow about 5-10 minutes between finishing the Build and Deploy step and running the test script, more :coffee:. This time allows the service to warm up.

```shell
./scripts/04-test.sh --environment submission
```

changing `submission` to the environment you wish to test

### Step 5: Tear Down Environment
**Note:** Before doing this please check out [API verification instructions](#api-verification-instructions) you will need the aaplication URL from the previous step.

> When down, each environment can be torn down by running the following,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When done, each environment can be torn down by running the following,
```
